<$[{"Potential differential diagnoses" :
        {"1. Cyclic vomiting syndrome": "The patient has a history of cyclic vomiting syndrome, and her presenting symptoms of nausea, vomiting, and abdominal pain are consistent with this diagnosis. The prior episode 11 weeks earlier resolved with supportive care, similar to the current presentation.",
        "2. Drug-induced vomiting": "The patient has a polysubstance use disorder, and her urine toxicology screen was positive for fentanyl, oxycodone, and cannabinoids. These substances could contribute to her nausea and vomiting.",
        "3. Gastroenteritis": "Although her previous stool studies were negative, gastroenteritis can present with similar symptoms and could be considered, especially given the recent history of loose stools during her last episode.",
        "4. Small bowel obstruction": "While the CT scan did not show bowel obstruction, her history of abdominal pain and vomiting warrants consideration, although the absence of distention and the presence of normal bowel sounds argue against this.",
        "5. Cannabinoid hyperemesis syndrome": "The patient's recent cannabinoid use raises the possibility of cannabinoid hyperemesis syndrome, which can cause cyclic vomiting and abdominal pain."}},
        {"Most Likely Main Diagnosis":  "Cyclic vomiting syndrome exacerbated by polysubstance use", "Reason": "The patient's history of cyclic vomiting syndrome, the recurrent nature of her symptoms, the resolution of symptoms with supportive care, and the presence of polysubstance use (which can exacerbate cyclic vomiting) make this the most likely diagnosis.  The negative findings on CT scan, including the lack of bowel obstruction or other acute abdominal processes, further support this. While the smoke inhalation and menses could be contributing factors, they are less likely to be the primary cause of her symptoms. The elevated heart rate and supraventricular tachycardia are likely related to her anxiety, pain, and possible drug use, rather than a separate cardiac condition."}
        ]$>
